I have listened to Jesus
In these troublesome days.
He lights up my path
As I hear and obey.
He is the Fine Shepherd,
And he shows me the way.
He guides ev’ry step,
Never leads me astray.
Why should I ever listen
To voices in opposition,
Those who would make me stray
From the path I’m on today?
To whom
could I go away?
Where could I turn
in times of trouble?
To whom
could I go away?
The voice of the stranger
Leads only to danger.
It’s Jesus’ words I hear
and obey.
I’m secure and contented
With my place in his care,
Surrounded by love
In the faith that we share.
I look to the future
That Jehovah provides.
His Son is my Savior
With sayings of life.
I will never listen
To voices in opposition.
Why would I ever stray
From the path I’m on today?
To whom
could I go away?
Where could I turn
in times of trouble?
To whom
could I go away?
The voice of the stranger
Leads only to danger.
It’s Jesus’ words I hear
and obey.
To whom
could I go away?
Where could I turn
in times of trouble?
To whom
could I go away?
The voice of the stranger
Leads only to danger.
It’s Jesus’ words
I hear and obey.
To whom
could I go away?
Never, never ever will I stray.